Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I love you. sweetheart.
I love you.
You're the light of my life.
now and always.
now and always too. honey bunny.
All right. sweetheart.
Do you miss rosebuds?
What?
Yes. I do.
You wanna see rosebuds?
I'd like to.
You want me to come over
and spend the night?
Yep.
Okay. honey.
Marshall residence.
I need to speak with Howard. please.
Okay. hold on.
Hello precious.
Hi. honey.
How's my lady fair?
I'm doing okay. I miss you. though.
I miss you too.
You miss me?
Very. very much.
How much?
Light of my life.
You're the light of mine. honey.
I love you. Give me a kiss.
Love you. sweetie.
Take care. precious package.
I will.
Daniel wants to say hi to you.
-Hi. Dad.
-Hi. Daniel.
I love you. Daddy.
I love you.
Okay.
This is your husband.
Love you.
I've been trying to find you.
Please call me.
Please call your man.
I love you.
This is your man…
trying to find his lady fair.
Love you.
Please call me.
Your husband wants to talk to you.
Love you dearly.
Hello?
Hello. dearest.
Hello.
Where are you?
I'm in bed.
I've been trying to call you for an hour.
You have?
-Do you love your man?
-Yes.
Your man loves his lady fair.
Quit waking me up.
or I'm gonna knock you out when I see you.
All right. dearest one.
Take care. precious package.
I told you that my dream last night was
that I'd been put on this Earth
to try to make life better for you
than when you were young.
I know. honey.
Tell me tomorrow. I'll forget tonight.
All right. dearest.
Okay. Bye.
-Take care. precious package.
-I will.
-Goodnight.
This is Howard Marshall.
I think my son Pierce
has overreached a little bit.
He has no business
coming between my wife and myself.
I want my wife
to be supported
by me.
She's the light of my life.
I don't think
Pierce quite understands that.
or maybe he's a little bit jealous.
I want my wife taken care of.
First of all. she's not my mother.
She's my birth mother.
We were not poor.
We lived a moderate life in Houston.
Three bedrooms. two carports.